MIG-1453: updating upgrade documentation (#65453)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/upgrading-oadp10-to12-in-mtc.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/upgrading-3-4.adoc
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/upgrading-mtc.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="migration-upgrading-oadp-for-mtc-18_{context}"]
= Upgrading OADP 1.0 to 1.2 for {mtc-full} 1.8.0

.Procedure

* For each subscription, patch the OADP operator from OADP 1.0 to OADP 1.2, by issuing:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n openshift-migration patch subscription redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace --type merge --patch '{"spec": {"channel":"stable-1.2"}}'

Reviewer: Do we need to add a note or comment in the "Determine subscription..." section indicating the user-specific returned NAME values will be used for their installation of MTC & OADP, respectively?  While it will be similar, it almost certainly won't be exactly `redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace` we're using in this update.

Author: Added note

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * migrating_from_ocp_3_to_4/upgrading-3-4.adoc
// * migration_toolkit_for_containers/upgrading-mtc.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="migration-upgrading-oadp-for-mtc-18_{context}"]
= Upgrading OADP 1.0 to 1.2 for {mtc-full} 1.8.0

.Procedure

* For each subscription, patch the OADP operator from OADP 1.0 to OADP 1.2, by issuing:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-migration patch subscription redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace --type merge --patch '{"spec": {"channel":"stable-1.2"}}'
----
+
[NOTE] 
==== 
Sections indicating the user-specific returned `NAME` values that are used for the installation of MTC & OADP, respectively. 
While it will be similar, it is unlikely that the returned value will be `redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace`, which is used in this example.

> ====

Reviewer: While I see other updates, I'm not finding this in the rendered [preview](https://65453--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/migration_toolkit_for_containers/upgrading-mtc#migration-upgrading-oadp-for-mtc-18_upgrading-mtc).  Is it something that I may need to wait longer because it's still building/refreshing or should it already be "live" in the preview?

Author: Looks ok to be - 
![image](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/106804821/fa3173d3-ed06-42e4-819f-37b24b15b4aa)

Reviewer: It's there today when I look.  :man_shrugging:

+
Which will return the following:
+
[source,terminal]
----
subscription.operators.coreos.com/redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace patched
----

+
[NOTE]
====
* If `installPlanApproval` is set to `Automatic`, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) will begin the upgrade process.

> * If `installPlanApproval` is set to `Manual`, tyou will need to approve each `installPlan` before OLM will begin the upgrades.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If `installPlanApproval` is set to `Manual`, you will need to approve each `installPlan` before OLM will begin the upgrades.
```

> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ oc -n openshift-migration patch subscription redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace --type merge --patch '{"spec": {"channel":"stable-1.2"}}'
> ----
> +
> [NOTE] 
> ==== 
> Sections indicating the user-specific returned `NAME` values that are used for the installation of MTC & OADP, respectively. 
> While it will be similar, it is unlikely that the returned value will be `redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace`, which is used in this example.
> ====
> +
> Which will return the following:
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> subscription.operators.coreos.com/redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace patched
> ----
> 
> +
> [NOTE]
> ====
> * If `installPlanApproval` is set to `Automatic`, Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) will begin the upgrade process.
> * If `installPlanApproval` is set to `Manual`, you will need to approve each `installPlan` before OLM will begin the upgrades.
> ====
> 

Reviewer 2: * "Sections indicating the user-specific returned `NAME` values that are used for the installation of MTC & OADP, respectively." This sentence is incomplete, not sure what it is conveying, or if it needs to be a note.
* Suggest moving the statement about the example value to a note following the output. 
* The existing note after the output should probably not be a note block. 

Suggest something like this:

```suggestion
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-migration patch subscription redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace --type merge --patch '{"spec": {"channel":"stable-1.2"}}'
----
+
[NOTE] 
==== 
Sections indicating the user-specific returned `NAME` values that are used for the installation of MTC & OADP, respectively. 
====
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
----
subscription.operators.coreos.com/redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace patched
----
+
[NOTE]
====
The returned value will be similar to `redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace`, which is used in this example.
====
+
--
* If the `installPlanApproval` parameter is set to `Automatic`, the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) begins the upgrade process. 
* If the `installPlanApproval` parameter is set to `Manual`, you must approve each `installPlan` before the OLM begins the upgrades.
--
```

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

.Verification
```

> * Check OLM has completed the upgrades of OADP and {mtc-short}:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Verify that the OLM has completed the upgrades of OADP and {mtc-short} by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n openshift-migration get subscriptions.operators.coreos.com mtc-operator  -o json | jq '.status | (."state"=="AtLatestKnown")'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc -n openshift-migration get subscriptions.operators.coreos.com mtc-operator -o json | jq '.status | (."state"=="AtLatestKnown")'
```

----

> * When `true` is returned, verify the channel used for each subscription.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. When a value of `true` is returned, verify the channel used for each subscription by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc -n openshift-migration get sub -ojson | jq -r '.items[] | {name: .metadata.name, channel: .spec.channel }'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc -n openshift-migration get sub -o json | jq -r '.items[] | {name: .metadata.name, channel: .spec.channel }'
```

----

> +
> [source,terminal]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
```

----
{
  "name": "mtc-operator",
  "channel": "release-v1.8"
}
{
  "name": "redhat-oadp-operator-stable-1.0-mtc-operator-catalog-openshift-marketplace",
  "channel": "stable-1.2"
}
----

> * Confirm that `mtc-operator.v1.8.0` and `oadp-operator.v1.2.x` are installed, by issuing:

Reviewer 2: I suggested "packages" but maybe they are "images"? Use whatever noun makes sense here

```suggestion
 Confirm that the `mtc-operator.v1.8.0` and `oadp-operator.v1.2.x` packages are installed by running the following command:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc -n openshift-migration get csv
----

> +
> [source,terminal]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
.Example output
[source,terminal]
```
